AWS glue crawler [sc-1783] (#355)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/glue/README.md

# Glue Connector

This connector extracts technical metadata from AWS Glue using the [boto3](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/index.html) library.

## Setup

> Prepare an AWS credential with the following permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare an AWS credential with the following IAM permissions.
```

``` text
effect = "Allow"
actions = [
  "glue:GetTable",
  "glue:GetTables",
  "glue:GetDatabase",
  "glue:GetDataBases"
]
resources = [

>   "*" // or specify the resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "*" // or specific resources
```

]
```

## Config File

Create a YAML config file based on the following template.

### Required Configurations

If using user password authentication:

```yaml
aws:
  access_key_id: <aws_access_key_id>
  secret_access_key: <aws_secret_access_key>
  region_name: <aws_region_name>
output:
  file:
    directory: <output_directory>
```

See [Output Config](../common/docs/output.md) for more information on `output`.

### Optional Configurations

> You can specify a role ARN with proper policy, the connector will assume the role to access AWS API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify a role ARN with proper policy and let the connector assume the role before accessing AWS APIs.
```

```yaml

> aws:

Reviewer: Is this additive? Or would it overwrite the `aws` key before? If it's for clarity, consider merging this config with the previous YAML and mark it as optional using comments.

  assume_role_arn: <aws_role_arn>
```

## Testing

> Follow the [Installation](../../README.md) instructions to install `metaphor-connectors` in your environment (or virtualenv).

Reviewer: I assume there's no additional dependency needed because boto is already imported by `smart_open`?

Author: Yes, `boto3` is mandatory dependency.

### Required Configurations

You must specify an AWS user credential to access Glue API. You can also specify a role ARN with proper policy and let the connector assume the role before accessing AWS APIs.

```yaml
aws:
  access_key_id: <aws_access_key_id>
  secret_access_key: <aws_secret_access_key>
  region_name: <aws_region_name>

>   assume_role_arn: <aws_role_arn> # Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assume_role_arn: <aws_role_arn>  # Optional
```
Add one extra space to improve readability.
